"The underearning drink" Totally paralyzed right now on Lucidnodes, on Maria project, on doing anything on my own behalf. Totally stuck. Totally paralyzed and frozen. Can't stop. Completely taken over by this mindset, or this trauma memory, or whatever it is. Shame? I don't know. Completely frozen, behind a wall, want to be left alone, want to abandon all commitments, want to be left alone, want to be left alone, want to be left alone. Can't function. Waiting, it's nearly 2 pm and I have nothing to say for the last three hours. I'm terrified that I'm going to be frozen in this state, all day, all week, all month, and I'm not going to deserve anything because of it. Peope are going to be upset and damaged because of it. I'm going to rot away in frozenness, like I'm on the event horizon of a black hole and people can't understand why. I'm terrified to move on from Lucidnodes with not much accomplished. I'm terrified to start on the project for Maria without having any clarity. I can't ask for clarity because I 'should alredy know.' I'm locked inside this prison of mind, nothing at all looks promising. I'm ashamed that it's 2 pm and I'm only now thinking earning, while I have nothing to say for the time I've spend on Lucidnodes. I can't forgive myself. I have no evidence tomorrow is going to be any better. There's no point in even trying. I'm going to be like this for the rest of today, and the rest of tomorrow, and probably forever. Frozen. Stuck and frozen, and unable to pull myself out of the black hole. I've already failed the day away, and tomorrow is going to look the same. No point in trying because I'm going to be so miserable in trying anything that I'm going to make a mess of it anyway. I can't break free of this negative thinking... It always feels like trying to start a cold engine, and that I'm lying to myself in trying to start the engine. I'm pretending the engine is not what it really is. It's like trying to raise a sloth out of it's sluggishness, and it is sluggish by its very nature. I'm trying to pretend that it's not sluggish. If it weren't sluggish then it would be authentic, real for me to pull it out of its mire. But it's always going to return to its mire, so there's no point, it's going to be a Sisyphean effort every time. It's trying to get something to be what it isn't, and so it's living a lie. It's living a lie, and it's living a lie. I can't stop this thinking, this negative thinking. Can't stop it. No amount of accomplishment is going to matter. No amount of accomplishment, of winning, of awards, recognition is ever going to get me out of this funk. It's never going to make a difference because the next day there's going to be the sloth again, and the sloth is going to lead me to poverty and insubstantiality and inability to maintain any kind of lasting discipline or resources. Nothing I do is going to matter. It's going to end the same way, with me broken down, in poverty, in some kind of broken down state, barely holding on, with the river of life slowly eating away at my space, at my ability to nourish myself and keep myself safe. I'm not fast enough, smart enough, connected enough to get past this, to fix it, to undo it, to reposition myself. I will burn every bridge, I will leave every town, I will fail inexplicably at everything I endeavor to try because I don't really want to win at all. It's hard to win because then there are terrible expectations, terrible, painful expectations, and I will never live up. There will be that moment that I get yelled at, that everything comes unraveling, that moment that God lets me down, that I let myself down, that dad thinks it's not enough, was never enough, when he said otherwise he was lying, or says that I was lying, hiding my inadequacy and how dare I hide it from him. 